Week 2: Call to Action - Failure to Success!

To me there is no such thing as true failure. You have to make mistakes in order to learn from them and to keep growing as a person. By not succeeding initially, it propels you to become better and to keep moving forward until you obtain success. Many people have obtained success after a multitude of failures and mistakes. However, the most notable person that truly embodies that to me is none other than Walt Disney.

Many people know about Walt Disney's notable achievements and his inevitable successful legacy today, but they do not know about the many detrimental obstacles he overcame to become successful. Walt Disney used to work for the Kansas City Star Newspaper, before they fired him for his "lack of creativity" (Krasniewicz, 2010). While most people would have given up,  Walt Disney persevered through it and opened his own studio called Laugh-O-Grams Studio on May 18, 1922 (Krasniewicz, 2010). This studio however, was forced to close because of Walt Disney's outstanding debts and he even became bankrupt because of it (Krasniewicz, 2010). Even after these staggering financial failures, he continued to follow his dreams, which inevitability led to the creation of the very successful Walt Disney Company.

If Walt Disney had stopped at his initial failings, he would have never truly succeeded and the world of animation would be far different then what it is today. He persevered through so much and continued to follow his dreams and create his own path in the world. That to me is inspiring, especially when so many people told him he would fail and he proved them wrong. That is why to me Walt Disney is a true success and why his determination drives me to continue down my own path towards my dreams. I hope one day that I can be as successful as Walt Disney was and leave behind a remarkable legacy as well.

Citation:

Walt Disney: A Biography. 2010. (Krasniewicz, Louise). Retrieved February 10, 2016, from web.a.ebscohost.com.oclc.fullsail.edu:81/ehost/ebookviewer/ebook/bmxlYmtfXzMzMTg4OV9fQU41?sid=fff8e37f-d2d8-4bfd-97a9-89d51b0d7979@sessionmgr4002&vid=7&format=EB&rid=2